Integrations: update GitHub guides (#110)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/self-hosted/github-integration-setup.md

# GitHub (Enterprise) Integration Setup
## Private Packagist Self-Hosted

<div class="row column">
    <div class="callout success">

>         <p>This guide explains how to setup an OAuth integration for Private Packagist Self-Hosted with either the on-premises version of GitHub, or their public service on GitHub.com.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>This guide explains how to set up an OAuth integration for Private Packagist Self-Hosted with either the on-premises version of GitHub, or their public service on GitHub.com.</p>
```

        <p>If you are using our Cloud product at packagist.com, <a href="/docs/cloud/github-integration-setup">use this guide</a>.</p>
    </div>
</div>

To allow your users to authenticate to Private Packagist Self-Hosted with their GitHub or GitHub Enterprise account, you'll 
first need to create an integration in Private Packagist. This document walks you through the required steps.

## Open the Add Integration form

> Log in with an admin account, go to the Admin section and hit the “Add Integration“ button to open the form to create your integration.

Author: @glaubinix So do you want to mention both cases (setup mode on/off), or just leave out the "login" part?

> Log in with an admin account, go to the Admin section and hit the “Add Integration“ button to open the form to create your integration.

Reviewer: For self-hosted the most common case will be, setup mode is on and a devops/admin person configures the application. Would probably mention both.

> Log in with an admin account, go to the Admin section and hit the “Add Integration“ button to open the form to create your integration.

Author: Got it, added some more explanation about this to this paragraph then.

> Log in with an admin account, go to the Admin section and hit the “Add Integration“ button to open the form to create your integration.

Reviewer: Thanks! Looks good!
